/*
Nikki Truong - 112 214 174
OOP244 - Fall 2017
Workshop 1 - Reflect
*/


1.	What is a namespace? Explain its purpose.
    Namespace is a scope in which variables or entities (class, struct, functions, etc) have their effectiveness. We also use namespace to distinguish identifers that have same name from different namespace.
   

2.	Why are header files needed? Explain.
    Header files tell the compiler where to look (system header file or user-generated header files) and what to included when it compiles (to replace the include statement with actual code).  
    

3.	In the instructions above, you were directed to compile only .cpp files but not the .h files. Explain why you should never compile header files.
    Header files only content the directions and let complier knows what is in the implementation file (function prototypes, constants, class declaration, etc). There are no codes to compile hence we don't compile header files.
    

4.	Explain why you should never include .cpp files in another file.
    When we included a file, the compiler will replace it with an actual code during the preprocessing state of compilation. Hence, by including the cpp file, we will duplicate our code and will cause error.
    
    
5.	Is there any benefit to put the source code of a program in modules or should we put everything in a single file? Explain.
    Putting source code in modules is benefitial for large and complex program. Seperating code into modules will allow more than one person to work on the project simultaneously. Breaking down code makes large program easier to handle, upgrade and maintain in the future. 


6.	Explain what have you learned on this workshop.
    I have learned how to seperate source code into modules and what goes into header files, what goes into the implementation files, how to compile each module seperately and as a whole. I learned how to create new project, to add existing files or new files in to current project using Visual studio. 
    I learned how to use namespace, how to safeguard header files from being compiled more than once. I also understand the 3 stages of compilation, which header files to included and when to include a particular header file in a implementation file.
    I learned how to clone a repository from github and how to keep it up-to-date using command line. I also learn how to compile using linux compiler. I learned how C++ has different version and we need to use the right standard to compile (-std=c++0x)
   
    
    
Quiz X Reflection

N/a

